fix: Add clickhouse tuning steps (#1006)
nginx/documentation: content/nim/fundamentals/tech-specs.md

|                       | 250       | 14               | 4 GiB                            |
{{</bootstrap-table>}}

> ## Clickhouse tuning {#clickhouse-tuning}
> The default configuration that comes with clickhouse works with NIM efficiently but if user makes any changes to the configuration and clickhouse is running out of memory, 
> follow the [Clickhouse configuration guide]({{< ref "/nim/system-configuration/configure-clickhouse.md" >}}) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ClickHouse tuning {#clickhouse-tuning}
The default ClickHouse configuration works efficiently with NGINX Instance Manager.  
If you change the configuration and ClickHouse runs out of memory, see the [ClickHouse configuration guide]({{< ref "/nim/system-configuration/configure-clickhouse.md" >}}) to adjust the settings.
```
